## <b>OPAMP_Follower_Init Example Description</b>

How to use the OPAMP peripheral in follower mode interconnected with DAC.
This example is based on the STM32U3xx OPAMP LL API. The peripheral
initialization uses LL unitary service functions for optimization purposes
(performance and size).

Example configuration:

The OPAMP is configured in follower and this non inverting input is connected internally
to DAC_OUT2 that generate a constant voltage of Vdda/2 = 1.65V.

Example execution:

The DAC is configured and activated: constant signal is generated on DAC output indefinitely.
OPAMP output is equal to the voltage generated by the DAC.
Connect oscilloscope to OPAMP output (PB0 Connector Arduino A3 and pin 34 on connector CN7).

### <b>Keywords</b>

Analog, OPAMP, Comparator, Voltage, Signal


### <b>Directory contents</b>

  - OPAMP/OPAMP_Follower_Init/Inc/stm32u3xx_it.h          Interrupt handlers header file
  - OPAMP/OPAMP_Follower_Init/Inc/main.h                  Header for main.c module
  - OPAMP/OPAMP_Follower_Init/Inc/stm32_assert.h          Template file to include assert_failed function
  - OPAMP/OPAMP_Follower_Init/Src/stm32u3xx_it.c          Interrupt handlers
  - OPAMP/OPAMP_Follower_Init/Src/main.c                  Main program
  - OPAMP/OPAMP_Follower_Init/Src/system_stm32u3xx.c      STM32U3xx system source file


### <b>Hardware and Software environment</b>

  - This example runs on STM32U3xx devices.

  - This example has been tested with STM32U385RGTxQ board and can be
    easily tailored to any other supported device and development board.


### <b>How to use it ?</b>

In order to make the program work, you must do the following :

 - Open your preferred toolchain
 - Rebuild all files and load your image into target memory
 - Run the example

